i go to barcelona i look at barcelona
barcelona money and goals and goals of a yes
left plate at the plate crossing
left at the intersection of put fifth
minute of play barcelona in
benefit
no
attention to fishing
and I fought he hit the post of
hit the post
the money didn't turn out and was beaten me
found and was beaten and beaten
the years and the edge of the area
attention did not see the defense close
of Milan
young hit a pole
attention still swingarm that
recovers the ball at the edge of the area
right
enjoy the nodes made it is not possible not
it is possible from a possible we want a
goal and on the next action that clear
second no still who flies limits of
months is not possible is not possible
and there are those who say it should be listened to then me
I wait at the gate on Thursday I expect to
marco I wait for you at the gate 63 sportsmen and
what you do against is okay we take it
act
we take note of it and partisan
then it will come
there is
with the goal of barcelona 4 to 0 that
fabregas only jordi to 40
Well